Update run-jobs-batch.mdx to be more explicit about the wording (#3031)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/run-jobs-batch.mdx

## Open a batch

> You can open a runtime batch by using the context manager `with <Batch instance>` or by passing a `Batch` instance to the parameter `mode=` of the primitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can open a runtime batch by using the context manager `with <Batch instance>` or by passing a `Batch` instance to the primitive's `mode` parameter.  
```
